while we have wishes
It has been shown with green
the spectacular Academy brand will
be here in mexico they make me like
very similar he started from very
as little as you
you can meet love sing
well I want to come to meet a
Marc Anthony I do not know if I can
leave everything
you will see what I want to do to know
love before any favor
and álava
Well they are very complicated and not me
they let go but already calling many of
them from me and my partners
but a little secret that he missed it
you feel the truth because I would have
sensational past true if it is what is
the good news that all the public
of academia is not going to lose your
tonight's presentation
as not to damaris these views clear that
if always the position then yes
I had more of all method besides
tonight we sing a song from an ex
academic yuridia this is what are the
things
that you are not happy
I do not walk
what have you thought about returning
t
and had
do not follow
boy
long before
Y
I am
s
To wear
yes
I reached the
standing the public standing director
these all
paris in loves thrills us very much
beautiful I know that your comments go to
be very good to enjoy eager
to listen to them alicia we start with
there's no damaris how beautiful it is
nice that you have learned so many things
that you have advanced so much I think you're going
understanding where you are
Excellent
love
what is in you have an angel the
true
what all the children occupy apart from
all the talent that already have that
energy that you have on stage
that smile that passion you have when
do you sing
in the dictionary as of now
next to the word magic
your name will come out many congratulations
and now
love and you know what
Well look at what has been lost marc
anthony
clear is 10 years of nothing what way
to interpret what passion is delivered
because besides, you were going to crescendo together
with the musicians that is, you were not going for your
side the world no no all were going
growing at the same time and that's what
that makes magic what creates magic
what he said he visited next to the word
magic look for your photograph your name
everything is what you create on the stage that
an artist believes in the stage in
set with all those above
of the stage and those behind the
You are an artist of love
and congratulations, how nice
jenkins so it seems to me that we have
good news
and more intense clear that no
Galicia
yes what is true
the cake is needed
You have to see in what churros the
sentry boxes that make me
so in celebrating with mom
again princess more than proud
defining